fix(world-modules): register total supply table in erc20 module (#2877)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/light-tables-drive.md

---
"@latticexyz/world-modules": patch
---

Fixed `ERC20Module` to register the `TotalSupply` table when creating a new token.

> You can register the table on existing Worlds with a Forge script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've deployed a world with the `ERC20Module`, we recommend patching your world to register this table so that indexers can properly decode its record. You can do so with a simple Forge script:
```

---
"@latticexyz/world-modules": patch
---

> Fixed `ERC20Module` to register the `TotalSupply` table when creating a new token.

Reviewer: can we put some instructions for existing worlds/tokens to apply this fix as well?

Author: Added an example script!

---

Fixed `ERC20Module` to register the `TotalSupply` table when creating a new token.

You can use register the table on existing Worlds with a Forge script:

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity >=0.8.24;

import { Script } from "forge-std/Script.sol";
import { ResourceId } from "@latticexyz/store/src/ResourceId.sol";
import { StoreSwitch } from "@latticexyz/store/src/StoreSwitch.sol";

import { TotalSupply } from "@latticexyz/world-modules/src/modules/erc20-puppet/tables/TotalSupply.sol";
import { _totalSupplyTableId } from "@latticexyz/world-modules/src/modules/erc20-puppet/utils.sol";

contract RegisterTotalSupply is Script {

>   function run(address worldAddress, ResourceId namespace) external {

Reviewer: how do I call this from forge? how do I get the correct namespace resource ID?
